Revamp README.md (#169)
ostis-ai/sc-machine: README.md

# sc-machine

[![CI](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-machine/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ostis-ai/sc-machine/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=WU8O9Z1DNL)](https://codecov.io/gh/ostis-ai/sc-machine)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](COPYING.MIT)
[![docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/ostis/sc-machine?arch=amd64&label=Docker&logo=Docker&sort=date)](https://hub.docker.com/r/ostis/sc-machine)

> Short version: **sc-machine** is an agent-based knowledge graph processing machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short version: **Sc-machine** is an agent-based knowledge graph processing machine.
```

Author: It looks ugly :(

> Short version: **sc-machine** is an agent-based knowledge graph processing machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short version: **sc-machine** is an agent-based knowledge graph processing machine. It is a base program variant of computer system interpreter which fully emulates semantic computer!
```

Author: ```suggestion
Short version: **sc-machine** is a software package aimed to emulate semantic computer behaviour. It uses agent-based approach to to process knowledge graphs.
```
That would both be more informative and clear. Though we should probably provide a link to a "semantic computer", for example [this one](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_computing). What do you think?

Reviewer: You can find information about semantic computer in the OSTIS Standart. And I don't think that sc-machine is a package, the better to write that sc-machine is a sc-core of base program variant of computer system interpreter which fully emulates semantic computer!

Reviewer 2: After discuss: apply Pave's variant from this conversation

> The knowledge graphs are represented in SC-code (language of universal knowledge representation) provided by the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sc-machine stores and process the knowledge graphs represented in SC-code (language of universal knowledge representation) and is used to develop, design and exercise new generation computer systems. All ontology-based design of sc-machine is provided by the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).
```

Author: `ontology-based design of sc-machine` - what do you mean by that?
`exercise new generation computer systems` - ...and that.
I agree that a bit more info should be added, but I am not sure what did you have in mind with these two. My current version would be something along those lines:
```suggestion
sc-machine stores and processes knowledge graphs represented in SC-code (language of universal knowledge representation) provided by the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).
```

Reviewer: We can discuss this and I told you about main ideas of sc-machine in key in which linked concepts are formalized in the OSTIS Standard

Reviewer 2: After discuss
```suggestion
SC-machine stores and processes knowledge graphs represented in SC-code (language of universal knowledge representation). All ontology-based design of sc-machine is provided by the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).
```

Reviewer 2: After discuss: apply Pavel's variant from this conversation

> The knowledge graphs are represented in SC-code (language of universal knowledge representation) provided by the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The knowledge graphs are represented in the SC-code (language of the universal knowledge representation) provided by the [**OSTIS Technology**](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).
```

> sc-machine allows you to integrate problem solutions from different subject areas **by using the same**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sc-machine allows you to integrate problem solutions from different subject areas **by using the same**:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SC-machine allows you to integrate problem solutions from different subject areas **by using the same**:
```

> sc-machine allows you to integrate problem solutions from different subject areas **by using the same**:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
sc-machine allows integrating problem solutions from different subject domains **by using the same**:
```

> - **technology**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **technology**,
```

Reviewer: Lets leave without comma. You are right.

- **programming and data representation language**
- **software stack**.

This project contains:

> - `sc-memory` - semantic storage to store graph constructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sc-memory` - semantic storage to store graph constructions;
```

> - `sc-event-manager` event-based processing (async program workflow handling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sc-event-manager` - event-based processing (async program workflow handling)
```

> - `sc-event-manager` event-based processing (async program workflow handling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sc-event-manager` event-based processing (async program workflow handling);
```

- tools to communicate with `sc-memory`:

>   - native C++ API
>   - `sc-server` - a Websocket server that provides a network API to communicate with storage using JSON
>   - `sc-builder` loads information from SCs files into storage (SCs-code is a one of external representation languages of SC-code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - native C++ API;
  - `sc-server` - a Websocket server that provides a network API to communicate with storage using JSON;
  - `sc-builder` loads information from SCs files into storage (SCs-code is a one of external representation languages of SC-code).
```

>   - `sc-builder` loads information from SCs files into storage (SCs-code is a one of external representation languages of SC-code)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `sc-builder` loads information from SCs files into the storage (SCs-code is one of the external representation languages of the SC-code)
```

<details>
   <summary>More info</summary>

> sc-machine is a **platform-independent graph database management system** that can store / retrieve knowledge graphs and run tasks (agents) on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sc-machine is a **platform-independent graph database management system** that can store / retrieve knowledge graphs and run tasks (agents) on them.
```

Reviewer: I propose discuss it :)

Both declarative (data, data structures, documentation, tasks specification, etc.) and procedural

> (programs, modules, systems, communication between systems) knowledge is represented using the same language: SC-code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(programs, modules, systems, communication between systems) knowledge is represented using the same language: the SC-code.
```

</details>

## Documentation

- A brief user manual and developer docs are hosted on our [GitHub Pages](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine).
- Full documentation, including:

>   - core concepts
>   - rationale behind sc-machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - components implementation
  - sc-model architecture and sc-memory model
```

Author: I haven't heard about `sc-model` earlier. 

Anyway, this suggestion and the one below can be generalised to a single one - replacing more abstract terms understood by the industry with ones specific to our project. But I do not really agree with that. The complexity of the terms used in the README was pretty much the reason why I've made the change - this document was too hard to be understood by a person which has never interacted with OSTIS before.
Basically, `system design` is `SC model architecture + sc-memory model + implementation details`, so why wouldn't we want to use a more eloquent term to express it?

Reviewer: I would like to express myself in terms and concepts interpreted within the framework of OSTIS technology. Documentation must be represented in these terms and concepts

Reviewer 2: After discuss: leave Pavel's version before approving core concepts of SC-machine

>   - rationale behind sc-machine

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - rationale behind the sc-machine
```

>   - system design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ontology-based design of sc-machine
```

  - software interfaces
  

>   is redistributed in a form of [SCn-TeX document](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform/blob/develop/docs/main.pdf).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  is redistributed in a form of the [SCn-TeX document](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform/blob/develop/docs/main.pdf).
```

## Quick start

> sc-machine is a core of any ostis-system, so you can use a reference system named [OSTIS Web platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform) to get sc-machine up and running quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sc-machine is a core of any ostis-system, so you can use a reference system named [OSTIS Web platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform) to get sc-machine up and running quickly.
```

> sc-machine is a core of any ostis-system, so you can use a reference sytem named [OSTIS Web platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform) to get sc-machine up and running quickly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
sc-machine is a core of any ostis-system, so you can use a reference system named [OSTIS Web platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform) to get sc-machine up and running quickly.
```

Author: Oops. Thanks! I've fixed it.

> sc-machine is a core of any ostis-system, so you can use a reference system named [OSTIS Web platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform) to get sc-machine up and running quickly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
sc-machine is a core of any ostis-system, so you can use a reference system named [OSTIS Web platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform) to get the sc-machine up and running quickly.
```

## Installation

- Docker:

>   We're providing a Docker image for this project. Head to [Installing with Docker](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/docker) to learn more. It's the recommended way to deploy sc-machine.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  We provide a Docker image for this project. Head to [Installing with Docker](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/docker) to learn more. It's the recommended way to deploy the sc-machine.
```

- Native:

>   If you do not have the option to deploy the system using Docker please refer to the docs for your OS:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  If you do not have the option to deploy the system using Docker, please refer to the docs for your OS:
```

  [Build on Linux](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/build/linux-build/) or [Build on macOS](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/build/osx-build/) respectively.

>   Note: currently, sc-machine isn't *natively* supported on Windows.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Note: currently, the sc-machine isn't *natively* supported on Windows.
```

## Usage

- Docker
  
  ```sh
  # build kb
  docker run --rm -it -v <full path to kb sources>:/kb -v sc-machine_kb:/kb.bin ostis/sc-machine:latest build /kb
  # run sc-server
  docker run --rm -it -v sc-machine_kb:/kb.bin ostis/sc-machine:latest serve
  ```

- Native

  ```sh
  #build kb
  python3 scripts/build_kb.py -c config/sc-machine.ini <path to kb folder with SCs and SCg sources (or path to repo.path file)>
  #launch sc-server
  ./bin/sc-server -c config/sc-machine.ini
  ```

Most of these commands have a help page bundled inside, so if you have any questions or want to customize the command behavior, use `--help` flag to learn more about them.

## Config

> This repository provides a default configuration for sc-machine. To customize *sc-machine* to suit your needs you can [create your own config file](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/other/config).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This repository provides a default configuration for the sc-machine. To customize the *sc-machine* to suit your needs you can [create your own config file](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/other/config).
```

## Feedback

> Contributions, bug reports and feature requests are welcome!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Contributions, bug reports, and feature requests are welcome!
```

Author: Oh, Oxford comma? Classy :)
I assume our students may misinterpret it as a mistake (even though it's a stylistic/optional punctuation), so I'd choose to omit it in this case 🤔

Reviewer 3: There are Oxford commas in one of your PR's, so I just propose to unificate such syntactic constructions)

Author: It looks like I've missed it then, it wasn't my intention. Can you send a link please?
